doc: release-notes-latest: Add changes in drivers from the last upmerge (#3899)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

    * Added experimental support for Extended Scanning with duration and period parameters (without active scanning for scan response or chained PDU).
    * Added experimental support for Periodic Advertising and Periodic Advertising Synchronization Establishment.

  * Bluetooth HCI:

    * Added support for ISO packets to the RPMsg driver.

>     * Added possibility of discarding advertising reports to avoid timeouts in the User Channel, STM32 IPM, and SPI based drivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Added the possibility of discarding advertising reports to avoid time-outs in the User Channel, STM32 IPM, and SPI based drivers.
```

Author: Applied.
